# Making Music

## Lost Robot says...
>As for quick tips, it's absolutely imperative that you try to forget everything that has been forced on you about music, and try to imagine what music you would make if you've never heard music before. That way you can make the music that you like the most, and that's what is most important. Experiment with everything, and use math and logic as your guide when judging musical information, as most of it online is incorrect...

>Also, listen to all of the music you can possibly get your hands on. At first, listening to such a ridiculous amount of music may make you worried that it'll have an overwhelmingly large influence on your music... but, once you listen to enough of it, you'll have such a vast and unbeatable volume of music lodged into your brain that you'll have a great understanding of the possibilities of music, which in the end will give you more musical freedom than you'll know what to do with. However, this is important, make extra sure you are getting this music from every unique source you can find. The music industry as a whole has the goal of keeping you within one area. Get out of there, and find everything else the universe has to offer.

>I recommend Soundcloud, since the music it recommends in its "Stations" are based on relevance rather than popularity. Some good starting points are Outtallectuals and Upscale for music labels, and for musicians I'd recommend... too many. Bell's Worth, Alon Mor, Amon Tobin, Iglooghost, Cardiacs (the band), Sakuzyo, Nate Sassoon... the list goes on. Perhaps this playlist can help you out: [https://soundcloud.com/lostrobotmusic/sets/the-instant-inspiration-shuffle-playlist-tm](https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=comments&redir_token=QUFFLUhqa3dRa1l4WUI5US1zbDdLcmRobF9QMzdzbTBCZ3xBQ3Jtc0tuWjRLb2pQanplLUNUcDhUVWE3dklGaUwyWlpzdmgxNEJFbEJuNGxCY3ltMk9FUUV6ak4weWN5dDlWbWYtSzhXNm8zekwtM0t3NnZNalFSemVHWFNKX20tY1ZhZEJ2Z2gyajNYWkl0NkRCWTdDNGRQUQ&q=https%3A%2F%2Fsoundcloud.com%2Flostrobotmusic%2Fsets%2Fthe-instant-inspiration-shuffle-playlist-tm&stzid=Ugz22yYyt_TYOIAuNKl4AaABAg.9L1tC199fp59L1wPj2lRMT)

>All in all, the most important tip I can give is to be educated, and to always be looking for what music means to you on a personal level. It is your music, after all. You'll be happier with the results if the results stem from your own personal ideas. First, discover the possibilities. Second, discover what you want to do with them.

> It was made using LMMS, only free software, 6 pounds of brown sugar, 4 pounds of white sugar, and 8 pounds of butter. The genre doesn't matter because genres are just style presets that many musicians end up restricting/destroying their music with. Just make what you love. I'm certain this song doesn't fit into any existing genre anyway, given how it's in 5/4 and how much it changes over time. Thanks for listening! <3

>If you want to find unique music, it would be better to not search by genre, and instead search by label and by artist. If you find one good label, you'll find tons of great music on it. That great music will lead you to great musicians. It's possible those musicians released great songs on even more great labels, or collaborated with more great artists. And so on. I can give you some good starting points though. Outtallectuals and Upscale are my two favorite labels, and some great musicians out there are Bell's Worth, Alon Mor, Amon Tobin, RefraQ, Tipper, Marcioz, Jan Amit, Sakuzyo, Eskmo, and Culprate.

>Thank you! If you're searching for more unique music I recommend checking out the music label Outtallectuals, as well as many fantastic musicians including Bell's Worth, Alon Mor, and Amon Tobin. There are thousands of super talented musicians out there, they're just unfortunately very hard to find.
